
=head1 NAME

User::Identity::Item - general base class for User::Identity



=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<User::Identity::Item> base class is extended into useful modules: it
has no use by its own.



=head1 METHODS


=head2 Initiation


User::Identity::Item-E<gt>B<new>([NAME], OPTIONS)

=over 4

 Option       Defined in       Default   
 description                   undef     
 name                          <required>

. description STRING

=over 4

Free format description on the collected item.

=back

. name STRING

=over 4

A simple name for this location, like C<'home'> or C<'work'>.  Anything is
permitted as name.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes


$obj-E<gt>B<description>

=over 4

Free format description on this item.  Please do not add
any significance to the content of this field: if you are in need
for an extra attribute, please contact the author of the module to
implement it, or extend the object to suit your needs.

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<name>

=over 4

The name of this item.  Names are unique within a collection... a second
object with the same name within any collection will destroy the already
existing object with that name.

=back



=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

I<Error:> Each item requires a name

You have to specify a name for each item.  These names need to be
unique within one collection, but feel free to give the same name
to an e-mail address and a location.

I<Warning:> Unknown option $name for a $class

One used option is not defined.  Check the manual page of the class to
see which options are accepted.

I<Warning:> Unknown options @names for a $class

More than one option is not defined.






=head1 REFERENCES

See the User::Identity website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/userid/> for more details.

=head1 COPYRIGHTS

User::Identity version 0.05.
Written by Mark Overmeer (mark@overmeer.net).  See the ChangeLog for
other contributors.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the author(s). All rights reserved.  This program
is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
same terms as Perl itself.


