
=head1 NAME

User::Identity::System - physical system of a person


=head1 INHERITANCE

 User::Identity::System
   is a User::Identity::Collection::Item
   is a User::Identity::Item


=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use User::Identity;
 use User::Identity::System;
 my $me   = User::Identity->new(...);
 my $server = User::Identity::System->new(...);
 $me->add(system => $server);

 # Simpler

 use User::Identity;
 my $me   = User::Identity->new(...);
 my $addr = $me->add(system => ...);


=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<User::Identity::System> object contains the description of the
user's presence on a system.  The systems are collected
by an L<User::Identity::Collection::Systems|User::Identity::Collection::Systems> object.

Nearly all methods can return undef.



=head1 METHODS


=head2 Initiation


User::Identity::System-E<gt>B<new>([NAME], OPTIONS)

=over 4

Create a new system.  You can specify a name as first argument, or
in the OPTION list.  Without a specific name, the organization is used as name.

 Option       Defined in       Default       
 description  L<User::Identity::Item>  undef         
 hostname                      C<'localhost'>
 location                      undef         
 name         L<User::Identity::Item>  <required>    
 os                            undef         
 password                      undef         
 user         L<User::Identity::Collection::Item>  undef         
 username                      undef         

. description STRING

. hostname DOMAIN

=over 4

The hostname of the described system.  It is prefered to use full
system names, not abbreviations.  For instance, you can better use
C<www.tux.aq> than C<www> to avoid confusion.

=back

. location NICKNAME|OBJECT

=over 4

The NICKNAME of a location which is defined for the same user.  You can
also specify a L<User::Identity::Location|User::Identity::Location> OBJECT.

=back

. name STRING

. os STRING

=over 4

The name of the operating system which is run on the server.  It is
adviced to use the names as used by Perl's C<$^O> variable.  See the
perlvar man-page for this variable, and perlport for the possible
values.

=back

. password STRING

=over 4

The password to be used to login.  This password must be un-encoded:
directly usable.  Be warned that storing un-encoded passwords is a
high security list.

=back

. user OBJECT

. username STRING

=over 4

The username to be used to login to this host.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes


$obj-E<gt>B<description>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Item/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<hostname>

=over 4

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<location>

=over 4

Returns the object which describes to which location this system relates.
The location may be used to find the name of the organization involved, or
to create a signature.  If no location is specified, undef is returned.

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<name>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Item/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<os>

=over 4

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<password>

=over 4

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<user>([USER])

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Collection::Item/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<username>

=over 4

=back








=head1 REFERENCES

See the User::Identity website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/userid/> for more details.

=head1 COPYRIGHTS

User::Identity version 0.06.
Written by Mark Overmeer (mark@overmeer.net).  See the ChangeLog for
other contributors.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the author(s). All rights reserved.  This program
is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
same terms as Perl itself.


