
=head1 NAME

User::Identity::Collection::Item - base class for any collectable item

=head1 CLASS INHERITANCE

 User::Identity::Collection::Item
   is a User::Identity::Item

 User::Identity::Collection::Item is extended by
   Mail::Identity
   User::Identity::Location
   User::Identity::System

=head1 SYNOPSIS


=head1 DESCRIPTION

The User::Identity::Collection::Item object is extended into objects which
contain data to be collected.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Initiation

=over 4

=item B<new> [NAME], OPTIONS

(Class method)

 OPTION               DEFAULT
 description          undef
 name                 <required>
 user                 undef

=over 4

=item B<description> =E<gt> STRING

See User::Identity::Item::new(description)

=item B<name> =E<gt> STRING

See User::Identity::Item::new(name)

=item B<user> =E<gt> OBJECT

Refers to the user (a User::Identity object) who has this item in one of
his/het collections.  The item may be unrelated to any user.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

=over 4

=item B<description> 

See User::Identity::Item::description()

=item B<name> 

See User::Identity::Item::name()

=item B<user> [USER]

The user whose address this is.  This is a weak link, which means that
the location object will be removed when the user object is deleted and
no other references to this location object exist.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

See the website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/userid/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by Mark Overmeer (L<mark@overmeer.net|mailto:mark@overmeer.net>)
with the help of many.  See the ChangeLog for details.

=head1 VERSION

This code is beta, version 0.04.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the authors. All rights reserved.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
