
=head1 NAME

User::Identity::Item - general base class for User::Identity

=head1 CLASS INHERITANCE

 User::Identity::Item is extended by
   User::Identity
   User::Identity::Collection
   User::Identity::Collection::Item

=head1 SYNOPSIS


=head1 DESCRIPTION

The User::Identity::Item base class is extended into useful modules: it
has no use by its own.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Initiation

=over 4

=item B<new> [NAME], OPTIONS

(Class method)

 OPTION               DEFAULT
 description          undef
 name                 <required>

=over 4

=item B<description> =E<gt> STRING

Free format description on the collected item.

=item B<name> =E<gt> STRING

A simple name for this location, like 'home' or 'work'.  Anything is
permitted as name.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

=over 4

=item B<description> 

Free format description on this item.  Please do not add
any significance to the content of this field: if you are in need
for an extra attribute, please contact the author of the module to
implement it, or extend the object to suit your needs.

=item B<name> 

The name of this item.  Names are unique within a collection... a second
object with the same name within any collection will destroy the already
existing object with that name.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

See the website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/userid/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by Mark Overmeer (L<mark@overmeer.net|mailto:mark@overmeer.net>)
with the help of many.  See the ChangeLog for details.

=head1 VERSION

This code is beta, version 0.03.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the authors. All rights reserved.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
