
=head1 NAME

User::Identity::System - physical system of a person

=head1 CLASS INHERITANCE

 User::Identity::System
   is a User::Identity::Collection::Item
   is a User::Identity::Item

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use User::Identity;
 use User::Identity::System;
 my $me   = User::Identity->new(...);
 my $server = User::Identity::System->new(...);
 $me->add(system => $server);

 # Simpler

 use User::Identity;
 my $me   = User::Identity->new(...);
 my $addr = $me->add(system => ...);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The User::Identity::System object contains the description of the
user's presence on a system.  The systems are collected
by a User::Identity::Collection::Systems object.

Nearly all methods can return undef.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Initiation

=over 4

=item B<new> [NAME], OPTIONS

(Class method) 
Create a new system.  You can specify a name as first argument, or
in the OPTION list.  Without a specific name, the organization is used as name.

 OPTION               DEFAULT
 description          undef
 hostname             'localhost'
 location             undef
 name                 <required>
 os                   undef
 password             undef
 user                 undef
 username             undef

=over 4

=item B<description> =E<gt> STRING

See User::Identity::Item::new(description)

=item B<hostname> =E<gt> DOMAIN

The hostname of the described system.  It is prefered to use full
system names, not abbreviations.  For instance, you can better use
C<www.tux.aq> than C<www> to avoid confusion.

=item B<location> =E<gt> NICKNAME|OBJECT

The NICKNAME of a location which is defined for the same user.  You can
also specify a User::Identity::Location OBJECT.

=item B<name> =E<gt> STRING

See User::Identity::Item::new(name)

=item B<os> =E<gt> STRING

The name of the operating system which is run on the server.  It is
adviced to use the names as used by Perl's $^O variable.  See the
perlvar man-page for this variable, and perlport for the possible
values.

=item B<password> =E<gt> STRING

The password to be used to login.  This password must be un-encoded:
directly usable.  Be warned that storing un-encoded passwords is a
high security list.

=item B<user> =E<gt> OBJECT

See User::Identity::Collection::Item::new(user)

=item B<username> =E<gt> STRING

The username to be used to login to this host.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

=over 4

=item B<description> 

See User::Identity::Item::description()

=item B<hostname> 

=item B<location> 

Returns the object which describes to which location this system relates.
The location may be used to find the name of the organization involved, or
to create a signature.  If no location is specified, undef is returned.

=item B<name> 

See User::Identity::Item::name()

=item B<os> 

=item B<password> 

=item B<user> [USER]

See User::Identity::Collection::Item::user()

=item B<username> 

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

See the website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/userid/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by Mark Overmeer (L<mark@overmeer.net|mailto:mark@overmeer.net>)
with the help of many.  See the ChangeLog for details.

=head1 VERSION

This code is beta, version 0.04.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the authors. All rights reserved.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
