
=head1 NAME

User::Identity::Collection::Item - base class for any collectable item


=head1 INHERITANCE

 User::Identity::Collection::Item
   is a User::Identity::Item

 User::Identity::Collection::Item is extended by
   Mail::Identity
   User::Identity::Location
   User::Identity::System


=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<User::Identity::Collection::Item> object is extended into objects which
contain data to be collected.



=head1 METHODS


=head2 Initiation


User::Identity::Collection::Item-E<gt>B<new>([NAME], OPTIONS)

=over 4

 Option       Defined in       Default   
 description  L<User::Identity::Item>  undef     
 name         L<User::Identity::Item>  <required>
 user                          undef     

. description STRING

. name STRING

. user OBJECT

=over 4

Refers to the user (a User::Identity object) who has this item in one of
his/het collections.  The item may be unrelated to any user.

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes


$obj-E<gt>B<description>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Item/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<name>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Item/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<user>([USER])

=over 4

The user whose address this is.  This is a weak link, which means that
the location object will be removed when the user object is deleted and
no other references to this location object exist.

=back



=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

I<Error:> Each collectable item requires a name

You have to specify a name for each collected item.  These names need to be
unique within one collection.






=head1 REFERENCES

See the User::Identity website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/userid/> for more details.

=head1 COPYRIGHTS

User::Identity version 0.06.
Written by Mark Overmeer (mark@overmeer.net).  See the ChangeLog for
other contributors.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the author(s). All rights reserved.  This program
is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
same terms as Perl itself.


