
=head1 NAME

User::Identity::Collection::Systems - a collection of system descriptions


=head1 INHERITANCE

 User::Identity::Collection::Systems
   is a User::Identity::Collection
   is a User::Identity::Item


=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION

The L<User::Identity::Collection::Systems|User::Identity::Collection::Systems> object maintains a set
L<User::Identity::System|User::Identity::System> objects, each describing a login for the
user on some system.


=head1 OVERLOADED


overload: B<@{}>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Collection/"OVERLOADED">

=back

overload: B<stringification>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Collection/"OVERLOADED">

=back


=head1 METHODS


=head2 Initiation


User::Identity::Collection::Systems-E<gt>B<new>([NAME], OPTIONS)

=over 4

 Option       Defined in       Default                                         
 description  L<User::Identity::Item>  undef                                           
 item_type    L<User::Identity::Collection>  L<User::Identity::System|User::Identity::System>
 name         L<User::Identity::Item>  C<'systems'>                                    
 roles        L<User::Identity::Collection>  undef                                           
 user         L<User::Identity::Collection>  undef                                           

. description STRING

. item_type CLASS

. name STRING

. roles ROLE|ARRAY

. user OBJECT

=back

=head2 Attributes


$obj-E<gt>B<addRole>(ROLE| ( [NAME],OPTIONS ) | ARRAY-OF-OPTIONS)

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Collection/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<description>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Item/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<name>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Item/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<roles>

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Collection/"Attributes">

=back

$obj-E<gt>B<user>([USER])

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Collection/"Attributes">

=back

=head2 Searching


$obj-E<gt>B<find>(NAME|CODE|undef)

=over 4

See L<User::Identity::Collection/"Searching">

=back



=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

I<Error:> Cannot create a $type to add this to my collection.

Some options are specified to create a $type object, which is native to
this collection.  However, for some reason this failed.

I<Error:> Wrong type of role for $collection: requires a $expect but got a $type

Each $collection groups sets of roles of one specific type ($expect).  You
cannot add objects of a different $type.






=head1 REFERENCES

See the User::Identity website at L<http://perl.overmeer.net/userid/> for more details.

=head1 COPYRIGHTS

User::Identity version 0.06.
Written by Mark Overmeer (mark@overmeer.net).  See the ChangeLog for
other contributors.

Copyright (c) 2003 by the author(s). All rights reserved.  This program
is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
same terms as Perl itself.


